in 1978 a movie came out where a
six-year-old boy murdered his sister
they put him in an asylum he escaped and
for a lot of movies he spent his time
killing a lot of people for no reason
but that's normal what's not normal is
that the protagonist and a lot of main
characters keep dying and reviving with
the only goal of being able to keep
making more halloween movies that's why
today on the summarizer halloween the
one from 2018 which i think is the 11th
but i'm not sure this is the story of
michael myers who 40 years after his
first murder is locked up in a mental
hospital one day he's visited by two
journalists named dana and aaron who
were doing a podcast about his story and
won an interview so there they are
received by this character named dr
sartain who is the person taking care of
michael during all these years but he's
kind of angry because they're going to
transfer his patient to another hospital
that is a bit shitty anyway this doesn't
matter much for now because the two
reporters and the doctor go out to the
yard and approach michael there aaron
introduces himself tell him that he's
been investigating his case for years
and wants to know about him about that
night and if he feels any guilt about
what happened there he shows him
something a friend gave him which is the
actual mask and even though michael
doesn't even realize it the rest of the
patients start to freak out and scream
and although they think he can feel the
mask michael does absolutely nothing and
the journalists end up going to another
woman's house at first she doesn't let
him in but then they tell her that they
are journalists recording a podcast
offer her some money and she ends up
accepting and now we meet jamie lee
curtis who here she's called laurie and
if you can see her face is familiar it's
because you saw one of the videos of
this channel or because you saw one of
the 10 halloween movies that even though
she doesn't appear in all of them she's
in most of the movies in the first movie
michael wants to kill her but she
survives in another movie we find out
that michael wanted to kill her because
she's his other sister and in the 10th
movie she dies but it doesn't matter
much because here she is alive again
that's impossible the point is that the
reporters tell her that they are
investigating her brother's murders and
despite lori telling them he's a monster
they want to know why he killed her
sister when he was 6 years old and why
he then spent 10 more movies killing
people without reason then they also
start talking about when lori lost
custody of her daughter they tell her
that aaron took the mask and the guy
didn't do anything and finally they
proposed that she go talk to her brother
but the plan turns out to be a failure
because she says no and also asks them
for the money she was promised for the
interview meanwhile we meet the family
of laurie's daughter named karen with
her husband named ray and her daughter
named alison who in case you're bad at
math is lori's granddaughter you're a
genius at that same night they're going
to award the girl for something i can't
remember and she wants her grandmother
to go but her mother says she can't well
actually it's not that she couldn't go
but since karen doesn't get along with
her mother she doesn't want her to go
after that allison meets up with two
friends and tells them that her family
gets a little weird on halloween oh yeah
because i didn't tell you but all this
happens on halloween that's why they
call it that at school we also meet
cameron who's allison's boyfriend and
apparently that same night he's gonna
meet her parents and we also meet this
other friend who isn't even worth much
knowing his name because he's gonna die
in five minutes in class alison looks
out the window and finds her grandmother
she gives her the money that the
journalist gave her and they start
talking about how she must overcome
michael there they talk about things
that don't matter and she seems to be a
bit crazy and keeps shooting guns the
night of michael myers transfer arrives
the doctor gets in with all the patients
and while all this is going on laurie
watches him from outside drinking vodka
but she doesn't do anything because
after that she goes to the family dinner
where everything was going well until
she arrives because she's quite drunk
she drinks her daughter's wine and ends
up crying at the table there she talks
to her granddaughter for a while and
leaves without this scene mattering much
what does matter is that on some road a
child is traveling with his father when
suddenly they come across michael's
truck that apparently crashed and there
are a lot of patience free oh [ __ ] there
the man goes to check it out but then
the boy also gets out and finds a
wounded policeman who tells him to run
but he ignores him finds the doctor and
accidentally shoots him and finally gets
back in the car for michael myers first
kill
when the police arrive they find the
dead cop who i guess was also killed by
myers and the kid's father who's also
[ __ ] up but the one who isn't dead is
the doctor who gives him the news that
michael myers managed to escape oh [ __ ]
the next day the journalists continue
investigating the case and go to the
grave of judith myers who is the sister
of michael he killed when he was six
years old and there we realized that
he's watching everything from a distance
at one point dana goes to the toilet and
someone enters behind her that person
starts knocking on the doors and when he
gets to hers he wants to enter but she
doesn't let him and then she gives her
some teeth of some guys he just killed
because outside aaron discovers two more
dead people and then he goes into the
toilet to save his friend well he
doesn't actually save [ __ ] because
michael attacks them and ends up killing
them both and now he finally steals the
mask they had in the trunk and now
michael myers is back after 40 years at
this point the grandmother hears the
news from the bus and starts to prepare
for the worst after that she shows up at
her daughter's house and tells the whole
family that they must protect themselves
and hunt him down but it's too late
because while the police discover that
the murders were done by michael he has
fun doing what he likes to do most
killing people for no reason on
halloween night
[Music]
[Applause]
the last girl that died was allison's
friend but i didn't introduce her to you
because i'm tired of introducing
characters that eventually die the only
important thing is that she was working
as a babysitter when michael showed up
and killed her and when the police show
up we also learned that he killed her
boyfriend oh [ __ ] while all this was
going on alison and her boyfriend were
at a halloween party but at one point he
kisses another girl and when she gets
mad and goes to talk to him he's drunk
and i don't know why but he breaks her
phone so now the whole family's looking
for her and she can't answer their phone
calls back in the other house the police
officer and laurie arrive she sees her
brother through the window and starts to
chase him on the way they managed to
shoot him but finally michael escapes
after that the rest of the police arrive
with the doctor who tells us that
supposedly the bus driver lost control
once michael started attacking the
guards i don't believe him [ __ ] though
and i think he had something to do with
all this but it'll never be cleared
anyway now we're back to allison who's
coming back from the party with her
friend who tells her he knows a shortcut
but at that moment her friend wants to
kiss her she doesn't wanna she leaves
him in the friend zone and ends up
leaving alone it could be worse though
at least i'm not getting stabbed by some
random guy on the street and on top of
that michael myers appears and although
at first he thinks he's a neighbor in
disguise later attacks him and finally
kills him
see it's the exact opposite oh it
happened anyway at that moment allison
hears the screams sees her friend dead
and the killer behind so she starts to
run and ends up escaping until she's
finally reunited with other people there
she gets into a car and leaves with the
policeman and the doctor while in the
grandmother's house they enter the
secret basement where she has a lot of
supplies weapons and they are ready to
kill him at one point they intersect
michael and the policeman hits him with
the car and even though he's apparently
dead the doctor tells him to stay away
from his patient kills the cop steals
his mask and now it looks like he's the
new killer well i don't know the point
is that he puts the body in the van
takes off the mask and tells the girl
that everyone wants to kill michael but
observing the crimes is an excellent
opportunity to understand the mind of
the killers there he tells her that he
worked with michael for years but always
in a controlled environment and always
remained indifferent without speaking
but tonight he's going to be able to
really see him in his habitat but at
that moment michael wakes up the girl
escapes and finally kills the doctor
without even speaking to him say
something
as the girl escapes two other cops show
up but apparently don't see him and at
the grandmother's house they are
preparing to kill him when suddenly the
police car arrives but when the dad
approaches there are two dead policemen
and on top of that michael appears to
kill rey after that karen hides in the
basement and lori starts to wait behind
the door which doesn't make much sense
because the door is made of glass so the
obvious happens michael attacks her and
she manages to escape by shooting him in
the hand so now she goes into the
basement which she should have done from
the beginning at one point michael
enters the house and it looks like he's
going down to the basement even though
he's missing a couple of fingers and i
don't quite know why i guess to give the
movie a little bit of fun the grandma
comes out to the basement to kill him at
one point it looks like he's hiding
there but no it looks like he's in this
room but no and it looks like he's in
this other room but there's absolutely
nothing there either and on top of that
he walks around the house with a shotgun
that's way too long and there's a room
where there's no one either and please
god during 5 minutes this woman is
walking around the house and nothing
happens later she enters a room where
there are some mannequins and because of
the blood it looks like he's inside the
closet
well actually that was the policeman god
knows you brought him there and the
important thing is that nothing happens
for about two more minutes until he
finally appears and the fight between
the two siblings starts
[Music]
the fight is less exciting than [ __ ]
though and the grandma ends up passed
out on the ground but at that moment
allison enters and we realize that the
grandma escaped in an identical scene to
the end of the first movie allison hides
in the basement and when michael is
about to enter grandma appears and the
final fight begins
happy halloween michael
[Music]
they're the guys locked up in kind of a
cage they had prepared they activated
gas she throws a flare and finally
michael myers dies on fire
although don't get too excited because
once he had already died on fire and
revived and besides there are two more
movies confirmed oh [ __ ] so that was
halloween comment which series or movies
you'd like me to summarize for future
videos see you later
okay bye
[Music]